General Feedback:

Exercise 1:

Everything seems to be correct to me. The explanation of threads and thread blocks is right, however a bit too robust in a sense. It could be more detailed, and the introduction of the term SIMT is not needed in this case, it doesn't bring any new value.

Exercise 2:

1. The explanation is lacking. Only pasting the code that does the trick is not enough in my opinion. Maybe some explanation of why this works should be good.

2. The explanation is reasonable, but there is a good lack of proof, including some example runs, tests and timings for those.

Exercise 3:

1 and 2. The results are nicely displayed in tables and I appreciate bolding the best solutions per number of particles.

3. A nice graph has been included which is good. The reasoning and findings are good in my opinion.

4. There is no proof of correctness for the statements here. I think there should be at least 1 graph included where this computations are displayed. At the same time, the output of `nvprof` should probably also be attached. In my case, even if the GPU times were higher than before, they were still below CPU times, so a graph would have been nice!

Bonus exercise:

1. I think that this assignment was asking for plots, and the table should not count the same. However, the results seem to be fine.

2. A bit of analysis on the graphs and results would have been nice, at least a few words. Also, the table should include labels as per both axis for convenience.

3. The results here are really interesting in my perspective. For a still unknown reason, my results for single precision were really really off! These seem to not be the same in your case and I like the display of both side-by-side results!

A. Strenghts

1. Good tables and quality data
2. To the point, avoiding useless information and answering on point.

B. Weaknesses

1. Lacks a lot of the analysis part of the results.
2. Some of the requirements of the tasks were not met.

C. Correctness of the code

Running the code works for all of the assignments, and besides that, I think that all of the code is actually correct.

